docs: add engine architecture paper draft (#716)
thanos-io/promql-engine: docs/architecture.md

Interleaving selection with aggregation, so that a per-series buffer can be
retired as soon as that series has been fully consumed and folded into its
group, would break this coupling; it remains an open direction (Section 10).

## 5. Parallelism

The volcano model admits *exchange* operators that are indistinguishable from
ordinary operators to their parents — they respect the same `Next` contract —
but exist only to move or reshape the flow of data. The engine uses them for two
orthogonal kinds of parallelism.

**Inter-operator (pipeline) parallelism.** A *concurrent* exchange decouples a
producer operator from its consumer through a bounded channel. A background
goroutine calls the child's `Next` ahead of demand and enqueues filled buffers;
the consumer swaps buffer ownership without copying and returns emptied buffers
for reuse. Inserting a concurrent exchange above expensive stages (aggregations,
deduplication, remote calls, each scan shard) lets each stage of the pipeline
run on its own core, so an operator can begin work on step *n* while its child
computes step *n+1*.

**Intra-operator (data) parallelism.** Selectors are fanned out into several

> shards, each reading a disjoint hash partition of the matching series, each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shards, each reading/decoding a disjoint index range of the selector’s matched series list,
```
